chaos-monkey-docs/src/main/asciidoc/configuration.adoc, before:

[[configuration]]
== Configuration ==

Chaos Monkey for Spring Boot can be customized to your planned experiment.
You can decide which attacks you want to run and which parts of your application should be attacked.

=== Properties

|===
|Property |Description |Values |Default

|chaos.monkey.enabled
|Determine whether should execute or not
|TRUE or FALSE
|FALSE

|chaos.monkey.assaults.level
|How many requests are to be attacked.
1 each request, 5 each 5th request is attacked
|1-10000
|1

|chaos.monkey.assaults.latencyRangeStart
|Minimum latency in ms added to the request
|Integer.MIN_VALUE, Integer.MAX_VALUE
|1000

|chaos.monkey.assaults.latencyRangeEnd
|Maximum latency in ms added to the request
|Integer.MIN_VALUE, Integer.MAX_VALUE
|3000

|chaos.monkey.assaults.latencyActive
|Latency assault active
|TRUE or FALSE
|FALSE

|chaos.monkey.assaults.exceptionsActive
|Exception assault active
|TRUE or FALSE
|FALSE

|chaos.monkey.assaults.exception
|Custom RuntimeException or default RuntimeException
|de.codecentric.spring.boot.chaos.monkey.configuration.AssaultException
|java.lang.RuntimeException("Chaos Monkey - RuntimeException"")

|chaos.monkey.assaults.killApplicationActive
|AppKiller assault active
|TRUE or FALSE
|FALSE

|chaos.monkey.watcher.controller
|Controller watcher active
|TRUE or FALSE
|FALSE

|chaos.monkey.watcher.restController
|RestController watcher active
|TRUE or FALSE
|FALSE

|chaos.monkey.watcher.service
|Service watcher active
|TRUE or FALSE
|FALSE

|chaos.monkey.watcher.repository
|Repository watcher active
|TRUE or FALSE
|FALSE

|chaos.monkey.watcher.component
|Component watcher active
|TRUE or FALSE
|FALSE

|chaos.monkey.assaults.memoryActive
|Memory assault avtive
|TRUE or FALSE
|FALSE

|chaos.monkey.assaults.memoryMillisecondsHoldFilledMemory
|Duration to assault memory when requested fill amount is reached in ms.
|min=1500, max=Integer.MAX_VALUE
|90000

|chaos.monkey.assaults.memoryMillisecondsWaitNextIncrease
|Time in ms between increases of memory usage.
|min=100, max=30000
|1000

|chaos.monkey.assaults.memoryFillIncrementFraction
|Fraction of one individual memory increase iteration. `1.0` equals 100 %.
|min=0.01, max=1.0
|0.15

|chaos.monkey.assaults.memoryFillTargetFraction
|Final fraction of used memory by assault. `0.95` equals 95 %.
|min=0.01, max=0.95
|0.25

|chaos.monkey.assaults.runtime.scope.assault.cron.expression
|Cron expression like `*/1 * * * * ?` can be set to enable chaos monkey runtime assaults on a schedule
|Any valid cron expression (or OFF)
|OFF
|===

Commit message:

Add dedicated cron for AppKiller and Memory assaults
Previously, AppKiller and Memory assaults we bound
to run simultaneously. This change adds the ability
to specify two separates cron expressions:
  - chaos.monkey.assaults.killApplication.cron.expression
  - chaos.monkey.assaults.memory.cron.expression

The existing global expression (chaos.monkey.assaults.memory.cron.expression)
is still supported but will be overridden by the new expressions if they are
specified.

chaos-monkey-docs/src/main/asciidoc/configuration.adoc, after:

[[configuration]]
== Configuration ==

Chaos Monkey for Spring Boot can be customized to your planned experiment.
You can decide which attacks you want to run and which parts of your application should be attacked.

=== Properties

|===
|Property |Description |Values |Default

|chaos.monkey.enabled
|Determine whether should execute or not
|TRUE or FALSE
|FALSE

|chaos.monkey.assaults.level
|How many requests are to be attacked.
1 each request, 5 each 5th request is attacked
|1-10000
|1

|chaos.monkey.assaults.latencyRangeStart
|Minimum latency in ms added to the request
|Integer.MIN_VALUE, Integer.MAX_VALUE
|1000

|chaos.monkey.assaults.latencyRangeEnd
|Maximum latency in ms added to the request
|Integer.MIN_VALUE, Integer.MAX_VALUE
|3000

|chaos.monkey.assaults.latencyActive
|Latency assault active
|TRUE or FALSE
|FALSE

|chaos.monkey.assaults.exceptionsActive
|Exception assault active
|TRUE or FALSE
|FALSE

|chaos.monkey.assaults.exception
|Custom RuntimeException or default RuntimeException
|de.codecentric.spring.boot.chaos.monkey.configuration.AssaultException
|java.lang.RuntimeException("Chaos Monkey - RuntimeException"")

|chaos.monkey.assaults.killApplicationActive
|AppKiller assault active
|TRUE or FALSE
|FALSE

|chaos.monkey.assaults.killApplication.cron.expression
|Cron expression like `*/1 * * * * ?` can be set to enable chaos monkey AppKiller assault on a schedule
|Any valid cron expression (or OFF)
|OFF
|===

|chaos.monkey.watcher.controller
|Controller watcher active
|TRUE or FALSE
|FALSE

|chaos.monkey.watcher.restController
|RestController watcher active
|TRUE or FALSE
|FALSE

|chaos.monkey.watcher.service
|Service watcher active
|TRUE or FALSE
|FALSE

|chaos.monkey.watcher.repository
|Repository watcher active
|TRUE or FALSE
|FALSE

|chaos.monkey.watcher.component
|Component watcher active
|TRUE or FALSE
|FALSE

|chaos.monkey.assaults.memoryActive
|Memory assault avtive
|TRUE or FALSE
|FALSE

|chaos.monkey.assaults.memoryMillisecondsHoldFilledMemory
|Duration to assault memory when requested fill amount is reached in ms.
|min=1500, max=Integer.MAX_VALUE
|90000

|chaos.monkey.assaults.memoryMillisecondsWaitNextIncrease
|Time in ms between increases of memory usage.
|min=100, max=30000
|1000

|chaos.monkey.assaults.memoryFillIncrementFraction
|Fraction of one individual memory increase iteration. `1.0` equals 100 %.
|min=0.01, max=1.0
|0.15

|chaos.monkey.assaults.memoryFillTargetFraction
|Final fraction of used memory by assault. `0.95` equals 95 %.
|min=0.01, max=0.95
|0.25

|chaos.monkey.assaults.memory.cron.expression
|Cron expression like `*/1 * * * * ?` can be set to enable chaos monkey memory assault on a schedule
|Any valid cron expression (or OFF)
|OFF
|===

|chaos.monkey.assaults.runtime.scope.assault.cron.expression
|Cron expression like `*/1 * * * * ?` can be set to enable chaos monkey runtime assaults on a schedule
|Any valid cron expression (or OFF)
|OFF
|===
